Add `/webhooks` route (#3336)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/errors/error_codes.mdx

The [`updatedAt`](/reference/api/indexes#index-object) field of an index cannot be modified.

### `immutable_webhook`

> You tried to modify a reserved [webhook](/reference/api/webhooks). Reserved webhooks are configured by Meilisearch Cloud and have `isEditable` set to `true`. Webhooks created with an instance option are also ummutable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You tried to modify a reserved [webhook](/reference/api/webhooks). Reserved webhooks are configured by Meilisearch Cloud and are used internally. They have `isEditable` set to `false`. Webhooks created with an instance option are also immutable.
```

The [`uids`](/reference/api/tasks#query-parameters) query parameter is invalid.

### `invalid_webhooks`

The create webhook request did not contain a valid JSON payload. Meilisearch also returns this error when you try to create more than 20 webhooks.

### `invalid_webhook_url`

> The provided webhook URL isn’t a valid JSON value, `null`, or missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided webhook URL isn’t a valid JSON string, is `null`, is missing, or its value cannot be parsed as a valid URL.
```
